README.md, before:

# Android Typesafe Prefs
An Android library to access Android SharedPreferences in a TypeSafe manner.

Example:
```
SharedPrefs.init(context, new Gson()); // Initialize one-tine in your Application.onCreate() method
private static final PrefsKey<String> COUNTRY_CODE = new PrefsKey("countryCode", String.class);
SharedPrefs.put(COUNTRY_CODE, "US"); // bind the key COUNTRY_CODE to the value "US"

.... // Anywhere in app
String country = SharedPrefs.get(COUNTRY_CODE)  ==> Returns "US"
```

The type of the key can be any arbitrary type that the Gson instance can serialize/deserialize.
If the type is a primitive or a String, the values are stored as is. For complex objects, the class is serialized as JSON and stored as String.


# Use with Gradle
add to your repositories

```
repositories {
    maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }
}
```

In your app build.gradle, add:  `compile "com.github.PeelTechnologies:android-typesafe-prefs:1.0.5"`

# User Guide
PrefsKey can take arbitrarily complex Java object that Gson can serialize/deserialize. For example, `PrefsKey<Customer>` may represent a class with nested fields for `Address`, name, phone numbers, etc.

`SharedPrefs` class uses a file called `"persistent_props"` to store preferences. If you want to use a a different file, specify it during initialization:
```
SharedPrefs.init(context, gson, "my-custom-file-name");
```
`SharedPrefs` is a static singleton class for `Prefs` with convenience methods named `put` and `get`. For non-static access, use the `Prefs` class directly:
```
Prefs prefs = new Prefs(context, gson, prefsFileName);
PrefsKey<CountryCode> key = new PrefsKey<>("countryCode", CountryCode.class);
prefs.put(key, CountryCode.US);
CountryCode country = prefs.get(key);
```
Since `Prefs` class is non-static, you can create multiple instances to manage different preferences files.
```
Prefs prefs1 = new Prefs(context, gson, "user-preferences");
Prefs prefs2 = new Prefs(context, gson, "app-configuration");
```

Commit message:

Using the default preferences file for the Context if none specified

README.md, after:

# Android Typesafe Prefs
An Android library to access Android SharedPreferences in a TypeSafe manner.

Example:
```
SharedPrefs.init(context, new Gson()); // Initialize one-tine in your Application.onCreate() method
private static final PrefsKey<String> COUNTRY_CODE = new PrefsKey("countryCode", String.class);
SharedPrefs.put(COUNTRY_CODE, "US"); // bind the key COUNTRY_CODE to the value "US"

.... // Anywhere in app
String country = SharedPrefs.get(COUNTRY_CODE)  ==> Returns "US"
```

The type of the key can be any arbitrary type that the Gson instance can serialize/deserialize.
If the type is a primitive or a String, the values are stored as is. For complex objects, the class is serialized as JSON and stored as String.


# Use with Gradle
add to your repositories

```
repositories {
    maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }
}
```

In your app build.gradle, add:  `compile "com.github.PeelTechnologies:android-typesafe-prefs:1.0.6"`

# User Guide
PrefsKey can take arbitrarily complex Java object that Gson can serialize/deserialize. For example, `PrefsKey<Customer>` may represent a class with nested fields for `Address`, name, phone numbers, etc.

`SharedPrefs` class uses the default preferences file for the context to store properties. If you want to use a a different file, specify it during initialization:
```
SharedPrefs.init(context, gson, "my-custom-preferences-file-name");
```
`SharedPrefs` is a static singleton class for `Prefs` with convenience methods named `put` and `get`. For non-static access, use the `Prefs` class directly:
```
Prefs prefs = new Prefs(context, gson, prefsFileName);
PrefsKey<CountryCode> key = new PrefsKey<>("countryCode", CountryCode.class);
prefs.put(key, CountryCode.US);
CountryCode country = prefs.get(key);
```
Since `Prefs` class is non-static, you can create multiple instances to manage different preferences files.
```
Prefs prefs1 = new Prefs(context, gson, "user-preferences");
Prefs prefs2 = new Prefs(context, gson, "app-configuration");
```
